**Developer of this project:** Zhirou Liu  
**Project Name:** Memory Lane  
**What this project is about:** Users can use this web application to write diaries and keep track of their diaries in an organized way by a smart calendar. This web application is also a virtual community for diary fans by allowing users to share their selected posts publicly, and they can search these public posts by hashtags.  
**Instructions on how to use it:** When accessing from MAMP, click on the login.html to log in/register with an account. After you land on the homepage, try to see what others are posting by searching tags like “April”, “May”, or “testing” etc. Then, click on the pen icon to write something and decide if you want to keep it private or public. If you decide to share it public, give it one/a few hashtags. After you hit submit, click on the calendar icon to go to the calendar page. Click on the day that you have diaries to see what you have written before and edit if you want. You can also see the frequency of your diaries by the chart on the right side of the calendar page. If you change the month or year of the calendar that you are looking at, you will see the chart is also changing based on your adjustment of time.  
**How your project satisfies each requirement:** This project consists of html, css, javascript, php, and it works with json-formatted files that stores each user’s content. To access the Admin site, you need to access from the admin.html. Since this is only accessible to the administrator, it is not accessible from the user interface. This web app is also dynamic with the chart that shows the user's interaction frequency. Graphics are used in this project through calendar.js and chart.umd.js, which generates a dynamic bar chart on the calendar page to visually represent the number of diary entries submitted each day of the selected month, helping users quickly understand their writing activity over time. The dropdown menu of the writing form and submit button allows users to edit their content on the json files and the calendar will look different after their changes.   
**Acknowledgements**: By my own research, I developed this search bar function so that any user can access the public entries from other users. In the process I read through a lot of related code on stackoverflow and w3schools and similar websites and developed my own code based on my project’s case. I didn’t borrow any original code directly but I am sure those codes influenced the way I wrote mine. There is original code that I borrowed from midterm for the icon bar, HW9 for the login page and functions, and dropdown menu for the user logout and writing form from W3Schools. Similarly, I edited those codes to fit this specific project. I also used external fonts for the style of the icons in the icon bar and external chart.umd.js (chart.js package) for the user interaction frequency chart. These files/folders are now self-contained in my project under the fonts folder and js folder (for the char.umd.js file).